Update network-requirements.adoc (#761)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/installation/pages/network-requirements.adoc

This section details the networking and port requirements for {productname}.

Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN)::

> The {productname} server must resolve its FQDN correctly. This is a hard requirement else various components might malfunction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {productname} server must resolve its FQDN correctly. 
If the FQDN cannot be resolved, it can cause serious problems in a number of different components.
```
